PEOPLE TO BE MORE BEHOLDEN TO HIM WITHOUT THE KIND OF
HIM WITHOUT THE KIND OF INDEPENDENT CONFIDENCE, THE
INDEPENDENT CONFIDENCE, THE ABILITY TO GIVE HIM CONTRAIRY
ABILITY TO GIVE HIM CONTRAIRY ADVICE.
ADVICE. >> SO A LOT HAS HAPPENED IN THE
>> SO A LOT HAS HAPPENED IN THE LAST 24 HOURS.
LAST 24 HOURS. A SOURCE TELLS NBC NEWS THAT
A SOURCE TELLS NBC NEWS THAT MICHAEL COHEN HAS PROVIDED A
MICHAEL COHEN HAS PROVIDED A DOCUMENT THAT SHOW EDITS TO A
DOCUMENT THAT SHOW EDITS TO A DOCUMENT SHOWING A -- CHANGES TO
DOCUMENT SHOWING A -- CHANGES TO HIS STATEMENTS.
HIS STATEMENTS. >> MR. TRUMP AND HIS LAWYERS
>> MR. TRUMP AND HIS LAWYERS EDITED MY STATEMENT TO CONGRESS
EDITED MY STATEMENT TO CONGRESS ABOUT THE MOSCOW PROJECT BEFORE
ABOUT THE MOSCOW PROJECT BEFORE I GAVE IT.
I GAVE IT. >> THERE WERE CHANGES, JAY
>> THERE WERE CHANGES, JAY SEKULOW FOR ONE.
SEKULOW FOR ONE. >> JAY SEKULOW SAID HE STANDS BY
>> JAY SEKULOW SAID HE STANDS BY HIS STATEMENT THAT MICHAEL
HIS STATEMENT THAT MICHAEL COHEN’S STATEMENT IS COMPLETELY
COHEN’S STATEMENT IS COMPLETELY FALSE.
FALSE. AND HE CAME OUT YESTERDAY SAYING
AND HE CAME OUT YESTERDAY SAYING IT WENT WELL AND HE PLANS TO DO
IT WENT WELL AND HE PLANS TO DO EVERYTHING HE CAN, JOE.
EVERYTHING HE CAN, JOE. >> EMILY, OBVIOUSLY YOU’VE BEEN
>> EMILY, OBVIOUSLY YOU’VE BEEN FOLLOWING THE COHEN SAGA AS
FOLLOWING THE COHEN SAGA AS CLOSELY AS ANYBODY.
CLOSELY AS ANYBODY. DONALD TRUMP SPENT THE CAMPAIGN
DONALD TRUMP SPENT THE CAMPAIGN SAYING HE DIDN’T KNOW ANYBODY IN
SAYING HE DIDN’T KNOW ANYBODY IN RUSSIA, HE HAD NO BUILDING KAELS
RUSSIA, HE HAD NO BUILDING KAELS RUSSIA, AND HIS LAWYERS MAY HAVE
RUSSIA, AND HIS LAWYERS MAY HAVE EDITED COHEN’S REMARKS AND MAY
EDITED COHEN’S REMARKS AND MAY HAVE PERJURED THEMSELVES.
HAVE PERJURED THEMSELVES. >> COHEN ENTERED CAPITOL HILL
>> COHEN ENTERED CAPITOL HILL YESTERDAY WITH THREE SUITCASES
YESTERDAY WITH THREE SUITCASES AND A BIG FILE FOLDER.
AND A BIG FILE FOLDER. THAT TO ME WAS A MOMENT THAT
THAT TO ME WAS A MOMENT THAT MUST HAVE STRUCK FEAR IN
MUST HAVE STRUCK FEAR IN PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS FAMILY AND ANYONE PO WORKS IN THE TRUMP
AND ANYONE PO WORKS IN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
ORGANIZATION. I KNOW BEFORE HIS PUBLIC
I KNOW BEFORE HIS PUBLIC TESTIMONY HE SPENT TIME DIGGING
TESTIMONY HE SPENT TIME DIGGING THROUGH BOXES IN A STORAGE UNIT
THROUGH BOXES IN A STORAGE UNIT TO FIND DOCUMENTS THAT BACKED UP
TO FIND DOCUMENTS THAT BACKED UP SOME OF HIS CLAIMS AND HE SPENT
SOME OF HIS CLAIMS AND HE SPENT THIS PAST WEEKEND BEFORE HE WENT
THIS PAST WEEKEND BEFORE HE WENT BACK TO CAPITOL HILL
BACK TO CAPITOL HILL YESTERDAYDOINGYESTERDAYDO
YESTERDAYDOINGYESTERDAYDO YESTERDAY DOING SOME MORE
YESTERDAY DOING SOME MORE DOCUMENT DIVING ABOUT
DOCUMENT DIVING ABOUT COMMUNICATIONS HE’S HAD WITH
COMMUNICATIONS HE’S HAD WITH VARIOUS MEMBERS OF THE
VARIOUS MEMBERS OF THE ADMINISTRATION AND THE KINDS OF
ADMINISTRATION AND THE KINDS OF CHANGES THEY WANTED TO SEE MADE.
CHANGES THEY WANTED TO SEE MADE. >> YOU KNOW, EMILY, THIS HAS
>> YOU KNOW, EMILY, THIS HAS BEEN QUITE A PERSONAL JOURNEY
BEEN QUITE A PERSONAL JOURNEY FOR MICHAEL COHEN, WHO HAS FELT
FOR MICHAEL COHEN, WHO HAS FELT BETRAYED BY DONALD TRUMP AND THE
BETRAYED BY DONALD TRUMP AND THE ENTIRE TRUMP FAMILY, FELT
ENTIRE TRUMP FAMILY, FELT BETRAYED THAT RUDY GIULIANI
BETRAYED THAT RUDY GIULIANI COULD GO FROM SAYING HE WAS A
COULD GO FROM SAYING HE WAS A GREAT LAWYER TO ONE OF THE
GREAT LAWYER TO ONE OF THE BIGGEST LIARS EVER.
BIGGEST LIARS EVER. TO THOSE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS OF
TO THOSE REPUBLICAN MEMBERS OF CONGRESS ALL CALLING HIM A LIAR,
CONGRESS ALL CALLING HIM A LIAR, HOW CAN WE BELIEVE A LIAR?
HOW CAN WE BELIEVE A LIAR? THAT’S ALL WE HEARD?
THAT’S ALL WE HEARD? HOW CAN WE BELIEVE YOU, MICHAEL
HOW CAN WE BELIEVE YOU, MICHAEL COHEN, YOU’RE A LAWYER.
COHEN, YOU’RE A LAWYER. I WONDER WHAT MICHAEL COHEN
I WONDER WHAT MICHAEL COHEN THINKS OF THIS POLL AND WHAT
THINKS OF THIS POLL AND WHAT REPUBLICANS THINK OF OF THIS
REPUBLICANS THINK OF OF THIS POLL WHEN ASKED WHO DO YOU
POLL WHEN ASKED WHO DO YOU BELIEVE MORE, MICHAEL COHEN OR
BELIEVE MORE, MICHAEL COHEN OR DONALD TRUMP?
DONALD TRUMP? DONALD TRUMP AT 35%, MICHAEL
DONALD TRUMP AT 35%, MICHAEL COHEN, CONVICTED PERJURER, 50%.
COHEN, CONVICTED PERJURER, 50%. GIVE US SOME INSIGHT INTO HIS
GIVE US SOME INSIGHT INTO HIS THINKING ON THE FACT THAT BY
THINKING ON THE FACT THAT BY MORE THAN DOUBLE DIGITS,
MORE THAN DOUBLE DIGITS, AMERICANS BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN
AMERICANS BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN FAR MORE THAN THEY BELIEVE
FAR MORE THAN THEY BELIEVE DONALD TRUMP.
DONALD TRUMP. >> I MEAN, WHAT A SAD STATE THAT
>> I MEAN, WHAT A SAD STATE THAT NUMBER IS, THAT THE AMERICAN
NUMBER IS, THAT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC BELIEVES SOMEONE WHO
PUBLIC BELIEVES SOMEONE WHO ADMITTED TO LYING TO CONGRESS
ADMITTED TO LYING TO CONGRESS MORE THAN THEIR OWN PRESIDENT OF
MORE THAN THEIR OWN PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
THE UNITED STATES. I THINK THAT COHEN FELT LIKE HE
I THINK THAT COHEN FELT LIKE HE WENT TO CONGRESS AND DID WHAT HE
WENT TO CONGRESS AND DID WHAT HE NEEDED TO DO.
NEEDED TO DO. I THINK THE FACT THAT HE BROUGHT
I THINK THE FACT THAT HE BROUGHT DOCUMENTS WITH HIM, THOSE
DOCUMENTS WITH HIM, THOSE SUITCASES THIS WEEK AND THE
SUITCASES THIS WEEK AND THE DOCUMENTS HE SHOWED PUBLICLY
DOCUMENTS HE SHOWED PUBLICLY LAST WEEK, THAT IS WHY YOU SEE
LAST WEEK, THAT IS WHY YOU SEE THE BIG DISCREPANCY.
THE BIG DISCREPANCY. I THINK THAT COHEN WAS PLOES
I THINK THAT COHEN WAS PLOES WITH THAT BUT THERE ARE STILL
WITH THAT BUT THERE ARE STILL QUESTIONS ABOUT HIS CREDIBILITY.
QUESTIONS ABOUT HIS CREDIBILITY. HE STILL HAD TO SPEND 16 HOURS
HE STILL HAD TO SPEND 16 HOURS IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE INTEL
IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE INTEL COMMITTEE.
COMMITTEE. I THINK HE’S EXHAUSTED, HE’S
I THINK HE’S EXHAUSTED, HE’S CONTINUING TO COOPERATE WITH THE
CONTINUING TO COOPERATE WITH THE SDNY AND IN LESS THAN TWO MONTHS
SDNY AND IN LESS THAN TWO MONTHS HE STILL PLANS TO REPORT TO
HE STILL PLANS TO REPORT TO FEDERAL PRISON.
FEDERAL PRISON. ANY KIND OF RELIEF HE HAS ABOUT
ANY KIND OF RELIEF HE HAS ABOUT HIS TESTIMONY AND THE SORT OF
HIS TESTIMONY AND THE SORT OF SWITCH IN THE WAY NAT PUBLIC
SWITCH IN THE WAY NAT PUBLIC THINKS ABOUT HIM I THINK IS
THINKS ABOUT HIM I THINK IS WELCOME BUT HE STILL IS FACING
WELCOME BUT HE STILL IS FACING SOME VERY SERIOUS THINGS IN
SOME VERY SERIOUS THINGS IN SHORT ORDER.
SHORT ORDER. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. MIKA, WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THOSE
MIKA, WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THOSE NUMBERS?
NUMBERS? I MUST SAY WE’VE KNOWN MICHAEL
I MUST SAY WE’VE KNOWN MICHAEL FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
FOR QUITE SOME TIME. AND ON ON A PERSONAL LEVEL I’VE
AND ON ON A PERSONAL LEVEL I’VE LIKED MICHAEL FOR QUITE SOME
LIKED MICHAEL FOR QUITE SOME TIME BUT DIDN’T SEE TO HAVE
TIME BUT DIDN’T SEE TO HAVE GREAT CREDIBILITY TO SAY THE
GREAT CREDIBILITY TO SAY THE LEAST BECAUSE HIS JOB WAS TO LIE
LEAST BECAUSE HIS JOB WAS TO LIE FOR DONALD TRUMP FOR DECADES AND
FOR DONALD TRUMP FOR DECADES AND YET YOU WERE TELLING ME YOU WERE
YET YOU WERE TELLING ME YOU WERE SURPRISED ABOUT THE REACTION YOU
SURPRISED ABOUT THE REACTION YOU HEARD ABOUT MICHAEL COHEN, THAT
HEARD ABOUT MICHAEL COHEN, THAT HE WAS ACTUALLY A SYMPATHETIC
HE WAS ACTUALLY A SYMPATHETIC WITNESS, THE REPUBLICANS MADE
WITNESS, THE REPUBLICANS MADE HIM MORE SYMPATHETIC, TOO, BUT
HIM MORE SYMPATHETIC, TOO, BUT ARE YOU SURPRISED BY THOSE
ARE YOU SURPRISED BY THOSE NUMBERS SHOWING THAT 50% BELIEVE
NUMBERS SHOWING THAT 50% BELIEVE MICHAEL COHEN TO ONLY 35%
MICHAEL COHEN TO ONLY 35% BELIEVING DONALD TRUMP?
BELIEVING DONALD TRUMP? >> THIS IS BASED ON OPTICS AND I
>> THIS IS BASED ON OPTICS AND I THINK MICHAEL COHEN CAME UP
THINK MICHAEL COHEN CAME UP WELL.
WELL. MICHAEL COHEN ADMITTED LYING,
MICHAEL COHEN ADMITTED LYING, WHICH IS SOMETHING THE PRESIDENT
WHICH IS SOMETHING THE PRESIDENT STILL HASN’T DONE AND AS NEWS
STILL HASN’T DONE AND AS NEWS OUTLETS KEEP TRACK OF HIS LIES,
OUTLETS KEEP TRACK OF HIS LIES, THEY HAPPEN ON A DAILY BASIS.
THEY HAPPEN ON A DAILY BASIS. AND PEOPLE HAVE SEEN MICHAEL
AND PEOPLE HAVE SEEN MICHAEL COHEN WALKING OUT OF COURT FOR
COHEN WALKING OUT OF COURT FOR HIS FAMILY.
HIS FAMILY. YOU HEARD ELIJAH’S CLOSING,
YOU HEARD ELIJAH’S CLOSING, TALKING ABOUT THE IMAGE OF HIM
TALKING ABOUT THE IMAGE OF HIM WALKING OUT OF COURT WITH HIS
WALKING OUT OF COURT WITH HIS DAUGHTER AND MICHAEL COHEN
DAUGHTER AND MICHAEL COHEN CRIED, WEPT OPENLY.
CRIED, WEPT OPENLY. IT WAS THE ONLY TIME HE DID.
IT WAS THE ONLY TIME HE DID. AND HE COMES ACROSS AS CREDIBLE.
AND HE COMES ACROSS AS CREDIBLE. NOW, IT IS QUITE CLEAR THAT HE
NOW, IT IS QUITE CLEAR THAT HE HAS LIED, HE HAS SAID HE HAS
HAS LIED, HE HAS SAID HE HAS LIED, HE’S GOING TO JAIL.
LIED, HE’S GOING TO JAIL. GIVEN, THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
GIVEN, THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HIM AND THE REPUBLICANS, WHO
HIM AND THE REPUBLICANS, WHO WERE GRILLING HIM, ASKING HIM IF